# Retort-Bot

To be blunt, I suck at coding. I'm very interested in it and would like to learn more, but find it too tedious without some sort of class, so I need to wait for college. I just find it extremely difficult to learn completely new things without a teacher, so my JavaScript skills are very basic.

I'll get to the bot now. Retort-Bot is basically a bot designed to read text and act accordingly. The point of it is just to give mildly annoying responses when people say mildly annoying phrases, such as "I didn't ask." For the most part, this is just me learning to mess with strings. I did it a bit with my Discord bot, named BoopBot. Looking back, the name is a bit... cringeworthy... Bad naming aside, I haven't touched coding very much in around a year or two, so what little skill I have is rusty. Retort-Bot's responses are designed to be rude but funny, which would be fine if I knew how to pull that off. At first, all was going well. The bot got about 36 karma on the first day. Pretty good for a bot made by a nobody like me. Next day, I add a few more. One of them was a bit... unpleasant. People didn't like that specific retort, and my bot got -91 karma as a result... I was at school when I realized this was happening, so I had no way to shut the bot down or remove that response until I got home. On and on it went for several hours, offending redditor after redditor. I'll try to learn from that mistake and be less aggressive about it. 

Now you have the gist of it. A bad bot made by a bad coder with almost no experience. The code is messy and ineffient, but I have no clue how to do any better. I have a few ideas for other bots, which I wrote down, but I still think I need a bit more experience before attempting those ideas, so for now, this is my only Reddit bot.
